hey guys what's going on pure here today
and we're gonna be doing some combat ret
paladin arenas in 2v two I've really
been trying to post fall in these videos
because I don't like my microphone and
it's kind of hard to hear me but you can
hear my friend perfectly fine so
terribly sorry about that that's why I
haven't been posting a while because we
sent off my razor camaras like if you
guys watched my last video I was
complaining about them um that the mic
quality was also terrible because I
think they messed up and so we sent them
back and they're gonna be sending them
back to us a new one very soon so yeah
enjoy this video sorry like I said I
haven't been posting because of that
reason because uh I hate having bad my
qualities i would love to use my old
turtle beaches but something happened to
them to where they're quite terrible i
don't know what happened but yeah
doesn't enjoy those two V two videos
we're gonna be having a lot more a lot
more clips coming up so be sure to look
forward to that and leave a comment
below because you're an awesome person
slap that like button like it said
something mean to yo mama and subscribe
because you're a beautiful person i'll
see you next time I'm peers always sign
off Bruce thing ah ok I don't know
well D can't kill him first it feels
free now we're going to kill a DK all
right let me just make sure that we have
to split all go to display it'll should
probably get my uh forget my first day
off road you'll probably get I did it
yeah jelly here cuz I keep it any awards
alright just remind me of he may be
killings with you maybe I can bubble you
in time but also probably not okay he's
offered to hear there is come here back
hmm
you're doing all right no big damage no
big-name anti-magic see little p mitted
music she'll go pee kill kill kill kill
pull bleed and kidney you did all the
damage oh that was lots yeah well we
have to find the street or depending on
what it is find that I think first and
really kill a quick I see you what's a
partner warrior do then we kill it we're
in one single Club you do realize he's
taken right so just give up stupid he
knows what uh yo ignore resto druids are
stupid and they stay invisible way too
long okay we'll try it well we gonna
mess up here now boy ye was that a
standard who I think it was yeah i mean
let's this guy doesn't go still hidden
alright well in that case let's just
going him
killa
oh my god I'm pretty already treated
your bubble for that yep feel worse
well I'm stunned o gg gg I lost on out
hello Brandon that carry you have
dancing steel and what can change but
how but how is my brand look with your
special eyes 0223 yeah yeah sweet right
now I can handle sack around his life if
I seal all the time with just a click of
a kilo here we go fer arm
monk killin okay here carrion don't just
kill answer okay but I'm transcendence
we lost yet it is JJ yeah Bam Bam Bam
Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam read it oh no I
bought me I knew that I knew that I'm
trying I'm trying yeah that was a little
oops you can I'm touch of carbon yeah
okay I r you same in your day because
your rebellion so never never surrender
yeah oh it's not that yeah all right one
man go that was a slight mistake I saw a
touch of karma and pleasure so I was
standing right next to him so I thought
it was over my head I know it's newbie
but you've got this my rogue erode
friend he's a marksman hunter no big
deal he was survival I'd be scared
I just gotta wait you know 53 center two
minutes perfect little italy italy lilo
dear little ooh indeed Allah this is
very like cannibalize Anna if only you
were an undead oh just head over here
tell you what as soon as I get 30,000
bold also now we'll have gold
associative whore and not before now I'm
saying excuse me
apply those persons pilots puzzles
obviously any poisons being well that
rate was real there's a rapist rape of
everything alright